docs(schema): ensure Advanced pages are under Advanced section (#3206)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Schema/Advanced/Code-Reusability-Export-and-Import.md

---
title: 'Code Reusability: Export and Import'
permalink: /schema/advanced/export-import
category: Data Schema
subCategory: Advanced
menuOrder: 1
redirect_from:
  - /export-import
  - /recipes/export-import
---

> In Cube.js, your data schema is code, and code is much easier to manage when it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Cube.js, your data schema is the code, and code is much easier to manage when it
```

is in small, digestible chunks. It is best practice to keep files small and

> containing only relevant and not duplicated code. As your data schema grows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containing only relevant and nonduplicated code. As your data schema grows,
```
